feat: SvelteKit template (#385)
dfinity/examples: svelte/sveltekit-starter/README.md

- [Don’t load JavaScript (and other assets) from untrusted domains](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/security/web-app-development-security-best-practices#dont-load-javascript-and-other-assets-from-untrusted-domains)

## Getting started

Make sure you have [node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed.

```
git clone https://github.com/dfinity/examples
cd svelte/sveltekit-starter
npm ci
```

## DFX

Install `dfx` by running

```
sh -ci "$(curl -fsSL https://smartcontracts.org/install.sh)"
```

### Start and stop the local replica

Open a new terminal window _in the project directory_, and run the following command to start the local replica. The replica will not start unless `dfx.json` exists in the current directory.

```
dfx start --background
```

When you're done with development, or you're switching to a different dfx project, running

```
dfx stop
```

from the project directory will stop the local replica.

## Build & run the dapp

To build and deploy the project locally run

```

> dfx deploy

Author: As documented in the README, use `https://ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai.localhost:8000`

`http://127.0.0.1:8000/?canisterId=ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai` won't work.

```

When the process completes you'll have a frontend canister running locally. To find the frontend canister's ID, run

```
dfx canister id frontend
```

It will output something similar to `rno2w-sqaaa-aaaaa-aaacq-cai`. Copy this ID and open it in the browser using `http://<canister ID>localhost:8000`, eg. `http://rno2w-sqaaa-aaaaa-aaacq-cai.localhost:8000`.

## Local development

You can serve the frontend in development mode like you normally develop an app using the command

```
npm run dev
```

it is not necessary to deploy it to the frontend canister during development.

## Deploying to the IC

To host the Svelte app on the IC, you'll need to have some cycles available. Cycles pay for the execution of your app, and they are also needed to create canisters.

> You can get $20 worth of cycles for free from the Cycles Faucet, if you have a GitHub account. To claim them, follow [this guide](https://smartcontracts.org/docs/quickstart/cycles-faucet.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get $20 worth of cycles for free from the [Cycles Faucet](faucet.dfinity.org).
```
